Add note about having to run `astro build` before `astro preview` (#5604)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/reference/cli-reference.mdx

## `astro preview`

> Starts a local server to serve the contents of your static `dist/` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starts a local server to serve the contents of your static directory (`dist/` by default).
```

> This command is useful for previewing your [build](#astro-build) locally, before deploying it. It is not designed to be run in production. For help with production hosting, check out our guide on [Deploying an Astro Website](/en/guides/deploy/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command allows you to preview your site locally [after building](#astro-build) to catch any errors in your build output before deploying it. It is not designed to be run in production. For help with production hosting, check out our guide on [Deploying an Astro Website](/en/guides/deploy/).
```
